The President:
For millions of Americans, this
weekend is a time to celebrate
redemption at God's hand.
Tonight, Jews will gather
for a second Seder,
where they will retell
the story of the Exodus.
And tomorrow, my family will
join Christians around the world
as we thank God for the
all-important gift of grace
through the
resurrection of His son,
and experience the
wonder of Easter morning.
These holidays have their roots
in miracles that took place
thousands of years ago.
They connect us to our past
and give us strength as we face
the future.
And they remind us of the
common thread of humanity that
connects us all.
For me, and for countless
other Christians,
Easter weekend is a time
to reflect and rejoice.
Yesterday, many of us took a few
quiet moments to try and fathom
the tremendous sacrifice
Jesus made for all of us.
Tomorrow, we will celebrate the
resurrection of a savior who
died so that we might live.
And throughout
these sacred days,
we recommit ourselves to
following His example.
We rededicate our time
on Earth to selflessness,
and to loving our neighbors.
We remind ourselves that
no matter who we are,
or how much we achieve, we
each stand humbled before an
almighty God.
The story of Christ's triumph
over death holds special meaning
for Christians.
But all of us, no matter
how or whether we believe,
can identify with
elements of His story.
The triumph of
hope over despair.
Of faith over doubt.
The notion that there is
something out there that is
bigger than ourselves.
These beliefs help unite
Americans of all faiths
and backgrounds.
They shape our values
and guide our work.
They put our lives
in perspective.
So to all Christians celebrating
the Resurrection with us,
Michelle and I want to wish you
a blessed and Happy Easter.
And to all Americans, I hope you
have a weekend filled with joy
and reflection, focused on
the things that matter most.
God bless you, and may God bless
the United States of America.